oh hello my lovely orchestra students
this is mrs. golden I am here to play
for you the Russian music books and this
is violin one we are in the key of D
major F sharp and C sharp our key our
time signature is four four four beats
in every measure and violin one you have
two measures of rest when I get to the
measures that have Divisie I will be
playing the top part for you okay so I
have my nifty metronome I'm going to put
it on 115 and that would be a good speed
for you to practice it at at home
actually it's at 116 that's 115 there we
go
now look out the two measures regress
and then I'll come in and we are
starting off piano which is soft one two
three four
Forte
one two three four one two
one two three four
all right that's it the Russian music
box adios